README.md, before:

# create-lx-cli

Create an project in seconds!

```bash
# command help
$ npx create-lx-cli -h
```

```bash
$ npm init lx-cli <project-name> <-t|--template> [template]
$ cd <project-name>
# if the project has a package.json
$ npm install # install dependencies
$ npm run dev # run project
```

If using Yarn:

```bash
$ yarn create lx-cli <project-name> <-t|--template> [template]
$ cd <project-name>
# if the project has a package.json
$ yarn # install dependencies
$ yarn dev # run project
```

## Templates

Available templates: default is `react-dva-ts`

> `Vite`

- `react-dva-ts`: Build apps based on React, Dvajs and TypeScript.

> Deno

- `deno-oak`: Creating a basic web server in Deno using Oak.

To scaffold with specific template:

```bash
# or `npm init lx-cli my-react-project`
$ npm init lx-cli my-react-project --template react-dva-ts
```

## Related List

- [Vite](https://github.com/vitejs/vite): Native-ESM powered web dev build tool. It's fast.
- [Dvajs](https://github.com/dvajs/dva): React and redux based, lightweight and elm-style framework.
- [Deno](https://deno.land): A secure runtime for JavaScript and TypeScript.
- [Oak](https://github.com/oakserver/oak): A middleware framework for Deno's net server 🦕.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

feat: add deno-vscode-cmd template

README.md, after:

# create-lx-cli

Create a project in seconds!

```bash
# command help
$ npx create-lx-cli -h
```

```bash
$ npm init lx-cli <project-name> <-t|--template> [template]
$ cd <project-name>
# if the project has a package.json
$ npm install # install dependencies
$ npm run dev # run project
```

If using Yarn:

```bash
$ yarn create lx-cli <project-name> <-t|--template> [template]
$ cd <project-name>
# if the project has a package.json
$ yarn # install dependencies
$ yarn dev # run project
```

## Templates

Available templates: default is `react-dva-ts`

> `Vite`

- `react-dva-ts`: Build apps based on React, Dvajs and TypeScript.

> Deno

- `deno-oak`: Creating a basic web server in Deno using Oak.
- `deno-vscode-cmd`: Based `deno` and `vscode user snippets`, displaying all `"@cmd: "` commands in the project
  - `snippets` must contain `"@cmd: "` string.
  - the string must be in the first 10 lines of the file will be matched
  - `$ deno run --allow-read --allow-write cmd.ts` - use cache `cmd.output`
  - `$ deno run --allow-read --allow-write cmd.ts --update` - update `cmd.output` file
  - `$ deno run --allow-read --allow-write cmd.ts --update=tree` - tree structure

To scaffold with specific template:

```bash
# or `npm init lx-cli my-react-project`
$ npm init lx-cli my-react-project --template react-dva-ts
```

## Related List

- [🦕 Deno](https://deno.land): A secure runtime for JavaScript and TypeScript.
- [🦕 Oak](https://github.com/oakserver/oak): A middleware framework for Deno's net server.
- [🦕 deno-getfiles](https://github.com/lencx/deno-getfiles): Recursively get all files in a directory
- [Dvajs](https://github.com/dvajs/dva): React and redux based, lightweight and elm-style framework.
- [Vite](https://github.com/vitejs/vite): Native-ESM powered web dev build tool. It's fast.
- [VS Code User Snippets](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/userdefinedsnippets): Code snippets are templates that make it easier to enter repeating code patterns, such as loops or conditional-statements.

## License

MIT
